Add stable JVM and HTTP metrics to required metrics (#182)
eclipse/microprofile-telemetry: spec/src/main/asciidoc/metrics.adoc

* `io.opentelemetry.api.metrics.Meter`

=== Required Metrics

> The following metrics MUST be provided by runtimes. These are as defined in the OpenTelemetry Semantic Conventions v1.26.0. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following metrics MUST be provided by runtimes. These are as defined in the OpenTelemetry Semantic Conventions v{otel-semconv-version} 
```
Currently we still define the dependency on 1.25.0 though.
